refactor(lab-01): restructure for better student experience (#19)
inno-se-toolkit/lab-01-market-product-and-git: docs/tasks/task-1-architecture.md

# Task 1: Pick a Product and Study Its Architecture

**Time:** ~25-30 min

> **Purpose:** Understand how a real software product is structured by examining its components, data flow, and deployment.

Reviewer: Since diagrams are LLM-sourced, some hedging is in order.
```suggestion
**Purpose:** Understand how a real software product may be structured by examining its components, data flow, and deployment.
```
